# Upgrade from 10.x to 11.x
- You are now _required_ to provide a key to all encrypt/decrypt functions
- All `cost` parameters have been remove, password-based key derivation is no longer offered
- `Rc4` and `Spritz` are removed and will be placed in a separate library
- SHA3 replaces SHA2 wherever default

# Upgrade from 9.x to 10.x
This is a major refactor of the core of dcrypt to focus on the most important features.
- Minimum PHP version is now 7.1 
- `Hash` is removed in favor of PHP's `password_hash` and `password_verify` functions.
- `Pkcs7` is removed since it is no longer needed internally.
- `Str::equal` is no loger a documented feature.
- `Otp` now uses a different keystream generation algorithm, all previously decrypted blobs will be unreadable.
- `Rc4` and `Spritz` are marked deprecated since they are just for fun
- **All data encrypted with Aes\*\*\* functions from prior versions will not be decryptable**

# Upgrade from 8.x to 9.x
Version 9 is a MAJOR update to dcrypt and breaks almost all backward compatibility.
It removes all legacy crutches and moves to use more a more modern design.

- All data encrypted with AesCtr and AesCbc prior to 9.0 will not be compatible in 9.0.
- OpenSSL based decryption wrapper functions no longer need to pass the `$cost` parameter.
- All hashes created with `Hash` in prior versions are no longer compatible.
- Hashes generated by `Hash::make` are now 60 bytes instead of 64
- `load.php` is now removed. Use composer to load dcrypt instead.

# Upgrade from 7.x to 8.x
The encryption function wrapper class `Aes` has been renamed to `AesCbc`.
Rename all references in your code to the new class.